Added testing tools page (#1808) (#1810)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/testing/testing-tools.md

> Ember comes with great testing tools out of the box and popular addons which you can use as your testing game evolves.

Author: Yes, it should be like that, will do the change.
Thanks for pointing it out.

> Ember comes with great testing tools out of the box and popular add-ons which you can use as your testing game evolves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ember comes with great testing tools out of the box and popular addons which you can use as your testing game evolves.
```

I know it seems a bit odd, but we use `addon` instead of `add-on` in our Guides. Once you fix this here and in the other places below, the linter test will pass.

In this section, we will go through various tools, that you can use while building an Ember app.

## What Tools Can Help Me?

### QUnit, QUnit DOM

Every Ember app comes with [QUnit](http://qunitjs.com/) and [QUnit DOM](https://github.com/simplabs/qunit-dom). QUnit is a testing framework, and QUnit DOM is a library that helps you **write tests that are concise and readable**.

To see the power of QUnit DOM, consider this code snippet. It checks whether our button component shows the right label and the right attributes.

```javascript {data-filename=tests/integration/components/simple-button-test.js}
/*
  For simplicity, the import, module, and setup statements
  are omitted here. Our component accepts two arguments,
  label (string) and isDisabled (boolean).
*/
test("should show label", async function (assert) {

>   await render(hbs`

Reviewer 2: is this hbs' a random name if yes can you give some valid name ?

Author: hbs (Handlebars) is a file extension similar to `.jsx` and `.tsx`
https://guides.emberjs.com/v3.3.0/templates/handlebars-basics/
